---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kafka Provider"
description: |-
  
---

# kafka Provider





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bootstrap_servers` (List of String) A list of kafka brokers

### Optional

- `ca_cert` (String) CA certificate file to validate the server's certificate.
- `ca_cert_file` (String, Deprecated) Path to a CA certificate file to validate the server's certificate.
- `client_cert` (String) The client certificate.
- `client_cert_file` (String, Deprecated) Path to a file containing the client certificate.
- `client_key` (String) The private key that the certificate was issued for.
- `client_key_file` (String, Deprecated) Path to a file containing the private key that the certificate was issued for.
- `client_key_passphrase` (String) The passphrase for the private key that the certificate was issued for.
- `kafka_version` (String) The version of Kafka protocol to use in `$MAJOR.$MINOR.$PATCH` format. Some features may not be available on older versions. Default is 2.7.0.
- `sasl_aws_access_key` (String) The AWS access key.
- `sasl_aws_container_authorization_token_file` (String) Path to a file containing the AWS pod identity authorization token
- `sasl_aws_container_credentials_full_uri` (String) URI to retrieve AWS credentials from
- `sasl_aws_creds_debug` (Boolean) Set this to true to turn AWS credentials debug.
- `sasl_aws_external_id` (String) External ID of the AWS IAM role to assume
- `sasl_aws_profile` (String) AWS profile name to use
- `sasl_aws_region` (String) AWS region where MSK is deployed.
- `sasl_aws_role_arn` (String) Arn of an AWS IAM role to assume
- `sasl_aws_secret_key` (String) The AWS secret key.
- `sasl_aws_shared_config_files` (List of String) List of paths to AWS shared config files.
- `sasl_aws_token` (String) The AWS session token. Only required if you are using temporary security credentials.
- `sasl_mechanism` (String) SASL mechanism, can be plain, scram-sha512, scram-sha256, aws-iam
- `sasl_oauth_scopes` (List of String) OAuth scopes to request when using the oauthbearer mechanism
- `sasl_password` (String) Password for SASL authentication.
- `sasl_token_url` (String) The url to retrieve oauth2 tokens from, when using sasl mechanism oauthbearer
- `sasl_username` (String) Username for SASL authentication.
- `skip_tls_verify` (Boolean) Set this to true only if the target Kafka server is an insecure development instance.
- `timeout` (Number) Timeout in seconds
- `tls_enabled` (Boolean) Enable communication with the Kafka Cluster over TLS.
